round number 12 Latin notes out in Las
Vegas
Rolando navarette against the Duke
Limone - strong young men at 130 pounds
neither has been down they have landed
some heavy heavy punches we have the
champion ahead on our scorecard
[Applause]
laughs
hold up right hand to the eyes the
bother
[Applause]
counterpunch
and the mole wise up that going on right
here to the body and I've already just
words weights from it hits him with that
right hook on the champion
[Applause]
yeah okay Plan C we are live here in Las
Vegas and has been everything boxing
excellent would have expected for these
two guys good solid right hand again by
the champion
wails away like that the most one was
rolling amana saying come on come on
[Music]
again Adam
before those board
[Applause]
but body arms
closes their head we've been together in
them everybody expected we need a
vaccine they've been really fighting a
clean fight you low blow and none of
them appear to be attention
[Music]
big right hand
[Applause]
[Music]
minutes ago
[Applause]
straightening up Lenovo open now we're
obviously
he's going inside
the backup
[Applause]
little blood from the mountains the
Challenger having difficulties really
now moving that mouthpiece around so
short punches
threshing machine nav already really
spoiling with those short snappy punchy
under 30 seconds to go the 12th round
good round for the champion
[Applause]
Oh
combination ready
but he isn't hurt and he could look in
his ends up and Leveaux
[Music]
[Applause]
looked like he was fired as mouth as
oppa it looked like he just about had it
all over sunny squad one fi'ty punch and
it Navarette they barely novel ready was
conscious didn't know what to do and
fell down and cooked in unbelievable
finished
tenor of the fight seemed to be a favour
of the champion but l'homme has lifted
the ground and restored it to his own
head I will be back here at Las Vegas
Jim Ryun and Gil Clancy back here in Las
Vegas and we have seen bazooka Lemone
come from behind as we saw it will be
interesting to get the cards to see if
the judges had them behind and lead into
the champion Navarette showing is
excellent condition
throughout the fight he came up with the
big blows against nav already there is a
now former champion waving to the crowd
indicating he's alright but he was on a
Sally let's take a look at the knockout
again they'll see the bazooka LaMotta
been saying Gil had his mouth open
appeared tired and then suddenly
summoning up some reserve energy landed
a big left hook then another left
uppercut there was a lift and another Oh
Tim he hit him for five clean punches
and down he went
we'll see it once more from another
angle as Limone showing great resources
here reaching back for that something
extra all the conditioning paid off at
age 29
and those two punching out look to us
like maybe never ready while he was hurt
was not anywhere near the difficultly
that it turned out he was okay might
effectively out on his feet he was
stunned by that early right hooked him
after that it was just instinct the way
he was pulling up his hand so there is
the new champion having won back the WBC
crown a one from the venezuelan and lost
to cornelius bolsa edwards and now has
regained the WBC super featherweight
championship rafael bazooka lee-moan
congratulations to him and will look
forward to further action from him in
defense of his crown now again for Gil
Clancy Kim Ryan returning you to Brent
Musburger